dfu_multi_image: Add the possibility to save progress (#24217)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/dfu/dfu_multi_image.rst

|``SB_CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_PACKAGE_WIFI_FW_PATCH`` | Include nRF700x Wi-Fi® firmware patches.|
+----------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------+

Allowing to restore progress after power failure
================================================

To enable restoring the write progress after a power failure or device reset, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_SAVE_PROGRESS` Kconfig option.
Currently, restoring the progress is only supported when using MCUboot as the DFU target.

> Note the option requires several other Kconfig options to be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this option, you must also set the following Kconfig options:
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_STREAM_SAVE_PROGRESS` - DFU multi-image calculates its current progress based on the offsets stored by the underlying DFU targets.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS` - the settings area is used to store the progress information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS` - The settings area is used to store the progress information.
```

> * A Kconfig option such as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS` that enables the settings backend to store data in flash memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Kconfig option, such as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS`, that enables the settings backend to store data in flash memory.
```

> ..note::
>   Enabling this option uses space in the settings area (usually in flash memory) to store the progress information.
>    Data is stored on every call to :c:func:`dfu_multi_image_write`.
>    Make sure that the settings area is large enough to accommodate this additional data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
..note::
  Enabling this option uses space in the settings area (usually in flash memory) to store the progress information.
  Data is stored on every call to :c:func:`dfu_multi_image_write`.
  Make sure that the settings area is large enough to accommodate this additional data.
```

>    Enabling this option uses space in the settings area (usually in flash memory) to store the progress information.
>    Data is stored on every call to :c:func:`dfu_multi_image_write`.
>    Make sure that the settings area is large enough to accommodate this additional data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   Enabling this option uses space in the settings area (usually in flash memory) to store the progress information.
   Data is stored on every call to :c:func:`dfu_multi_image_write`.
   Make sure that the settings area is large enough to accommodate this additional data.
```

|``SB_CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_PACKAGE_WIFI_FW_PATCH`` | Include nRF700x Wi-Fi® firmware patches.|
+----------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------+

Allowing to restore progress after power failure
================================================

To enable restoring the write progress after a power failure or device reset, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_SAVE_PROGRESS` Kconfig option.
Currently, restoring the progress is only supported when using MCUboot as the DFU target.
To use this option, you must also set the following Kconfig options:

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_STREAM_SAVE_PROGRESS` - DFU multi-image calculates its current progress based on the offsets stored by the underlying DFU targets.
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS` - The settings area is used to store the progress information.
> * A Kconfig option, such as :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS`, that enables the settings backend to store data in flash memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_STREAM_SAVE_PROGRESS` - Allows DFU multi-image to calculate its current progress based on offsets stored by the underlying DFU targets.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS` - Allows the use of a settings area to store progress information.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS` - Enables the settings backend to store data in flash memory.
```

> ..note::
> 
>    Enabling this option uses space in the settings area (usually in flash memory) to store the progress information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
..note::
  Enabling this option uses space in the settings area (usually in flash memory) to store the progress information.
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_STREAM_SAVE_PROGRESS` - Allows DFU multi-image to calculate its current progress based on offsets stored by the underlying DFU targets.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS` - Allows the use of a settings area to store progress information.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS` (the nRF52 and nRF53 Series) or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZMS` (the nRF54L and nRF54H Series) - Enables the settings backend to store data in flash memory.

Author: Squashed
